c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bin\x64\Debug\ReverseMap\resources.pri
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bin\x64\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bin\x64\Debug\HostedC++Surface.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bin\x64\Debug\Numbers.winmd
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bin\x64\Debug\Numbers.pdb
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bin\x64\Debug\Numbers.pri
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\HostedC++Surface.jsprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\ResourceHandlingTask.state
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\HostedC++Surface.jsproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\kiseksen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HostedC++Surface\HostedC++Surface\bld\x64\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
